0x02-shell_redirections/README.md, before:

0-hello_world - A script that prints “Hello, World”, followed by a new line to the standard output.

1-confused_smiley - A script that displays a confused smiley "(Ôo)'.

2-hellofile - A script that displays the content of the /etc/passwd file.

3-twofiles - A script that displays the content of /etc/passwd and /etc/hosts.

4-lastlines - A script that displays the last 10 lines of /etc/passwd

5-firstlines - A script that displays the first 10 lines of /etc/passwd

6-third_line - A script that displays the third line of the file 'iacta'.

7-file - A script that creates a file name named exactly \*\\'"Best School"\'\\*$\?\*\*\*\*\*:).

8-cwd_state - A script that writes into the file  ls_cwd_content the result of the command ls -la. If the file ls_cwd_content already exists, it should be overwritten. If the file ls_cwd_content does not exist, create it.

9-duplicate_last_line - A script that duplicates the last line of the file 'iacta'.

10-no_more_js - A script that deletes all regular files with a '.js' extension that are present in the current directory and all its folders.

11-directories - A script that counts the number of directories and sub-directories in the current directory

12-newest_files - A script that  displays the 10 newest files in the current directory

Commit message:

Being unique is better than being perfect

0x02-shell_redirections/README.md, after:

0-hello_world - A script that prints “Hello, World”, followed by a new line to the standard output.

1-confused_smiley - A script that displays a confused smiley "(Ôo)'.

2-hellofile - A script that displays the content of the /etc/passwd file.

3-twofiles - A script that displays the content of /etc/passwd and /etc/hosts.

4-lastlines - A script that displays the last 10 lines of /etc/passwd

5-firstlines - A script that displays the first 10 lines of /etc/passwd

6-third_line - A script that displays the third line of the file 'iacta'.

7-file - A script that creates a file name named exactly \*\\'"Best School"\'\\*$\?\*\*\*\*\*:).

8-cwd_state - A script that writes into the file  ls_cwd_content the result of the command ls -la. If the file ls_cwd_content already exists, it should be overwritten. If the file ls_cwd_content does not exist, create it.

9-duplicate_last_line - A script that duplicates the last line of the file 'iacta'.

10-no_more_js - A script that deletes all regular files with a '.js' extension that are present in the current directory and all its folders.

11-directories - A script that counts the number of directories and sub-directories in the current directory

12-newest_files - A script that  displays the 10 newest files in the current directory.

13-unique - A script that takes a list of words as input and prints only words that appear exactly once.
