0x01-shell_permissions/README.md, before:

0-iam_betty - A script that switches the current user to the user betty.

1-who_am_1 - A script that prints the effective username of the current user.

2-groups - A script that prints all the groups the current user is part of.

3-new_owner - A script that changes the owner of the file 'hello' to the user 'betty'.

4-empty - A script that creates an empty file called 'hello'.

5-execute - A script that adds execute permission to the owner of the file hello.

6-multiple_permissions - A script that adds execute permission to the owner and group owner and read permission to other users to the file 'hello'.

7-everybody - A script that adds execute permission to the owner, the group owner and other users to the file 'hello'

8-James_Bond - A script that sets the permission of the file hello to no permission to the user, no permission to the group and no permission to allthe other users.

9-John_Doe - A script that sets the mode of the file hello have the permission to read,write and execute by the user, read and execute by the group and write and execute by other users.

10-mirror_permissions - A script that sets the mode of the file 'hello' same as 'olleh's' mode which is read and write for the owner,read and write for the group and read for other users.

11-directories_permissions - A script that adds execute permission to all subdirectories of the current directory for the owner, the group and all other users.

12-directory_permissions - A script that creates the directory called my_dir with permissions of read,write and execute for the user, read and execute for the group and execute for others.

13-change_group - A script that changes the group owner to 'school' for the file hello.

100-change_owner_and-group - A script that changes the owner to vincent and the group owner to staff for all the files and directories in the working directory.

101-symbolic_link_permissions - A script that changes the owner of _hello to vincent and staff respectively

Commit message:

Script that changes the owner of hello to betty if it is owned by guillame

0x01-shell_permissions/README.md, after:

0-iam_betty - A script that switches the current user to the user betty.

1-who_am_1 - A script that prints the effective username of the current user.

2-groups - A script that prints all the groups the current user is part of.

3-new_owner - A script that changes the owner of the file 'hello' to the user 'betty'.

4-empty - A script that creates an empty file called 'hello'.

5-execute - A script that adds execute permission to the owner of the file hello.

6-multiple_permissions - A script that adds execute permission to the owner and group owner and read permission to other users to the file 'hello'.

7-everybody - A script that adds execute permission to the owner, the group owner and other users to the file 'hello'

8-James_Bond - A script that sets the permission of the file hello to no permission to the user, no permission to the group and no permission to allthe other users.

9-John_Doe - A script that sets the mode of the file hello have the permission to read,write and execute by the user, read and execute by the group and write and execute by other users.

10-mirror_permissions - A script that sets the mode of the file 'hello' same as 'olleh's' mode which is read and write for the owner,read and write for the group and read for other users.

11-directories_permissions - A script that adds execute permission to all subdirectories of the current directory for the owner, the group and all other users.

12-directory_permissions - A script that creates the directory called my_dir with permissions of read,write and execute for the user, read and execute for the group and execute for others.

13-change_group - A script that changes the group owner to 'school' for the file hello.

100-change_owner_and-group - A script that changes the owner to vincent and the group owner to staff for all the files and directories in the working directory.

101-symbolic_link_permissions - A script that changes the owner of '_hello' to vincent and staff respectively

102-if_only - A script that changes the owner of the file hello to betty only if it is owned by the user guillaume.
